second try (#2148)
urbit/urbit.org: content/events/2023-06-12-developer-week.md

After the success of our last developer week, we’re hosting another one this year from June 12th to June 16th. This will be a week of online only conversations, build parties, AMAs, blog posts, and other content.

> There will be watchparties for all streams in the Hacker House on gather.town, find out how to join in the [UF Public Group](/groups/~halbex-palheb/uf-public).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be watch parties for all streams in the Hacker House on gather.town. Instructions for joining can be found in the [Urbit Foundation group](/groups/~halbex-palheb/uf-public).
```

### Portal
*Time:* Tuesday June 13th – noon Pacifc | 9pm CEST

> In this talk ~foddur-hodler and ~dilryc-mopreg from [Portal](/applications/~worpet-bildet/portal) will update you on their latest developments. They are excited to share their experiences using solid state subscriptions, to present their ideas on what they're calling *the everything graph*, and to explain why they're "composability-maxxing."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this talk ~foddur-hodler and ~dilryd-mopreg from [Portal](/applications/~worpet-bildet/portal) will update you on their latest developments. They are excited to share their experiences using solid state subscriptions, to present their ideas on what they're calling *the everything graph*, and to explain why they're "composability-maxxing."
```
